Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Michael Bluth began his day
with something he'd never seen before.
I'm hearing good things about the
Bluth Company. What do you think?
Good news
about his family's housing business.
Old man Bluth is in jail.
I think his son is running the company.
Doesn't seem like a total moron to me.
You know what?
I've had this thing as a triple sell,
and I am upgrading it right here,
right now.
I think this thing could even go
as high as a "Don't Buy."
- Don't buy?
- Don't buy. I started off...
- Mom, did you see that?
- Don't buy Bluth!
You build a house that's good,
people are gonna wanna come...
This sink hole spread
a little bit more last night?
Anyway, I'm gonna go to the prison.
I'm gonna tell Dad about this news.
I thought you said we shouldn't visit him.
Visit, no. Gloat, yes.
I've worked very, very hard for this.
I sold the cabin property to keep us afloat,
I haven't had any time
to spend with my son.
Well, now you can spend time
with my son.
I want your brother Buster
to come live with you,
and it's not because
he has that horrible hook for a hand now.
It's the snoring. Listen to this.
Buster snoring, Wednesday night.
It's driving me...
You won't even know he's here.
You seem more villainous
than usual, Mom. Are you sober?
- Michael, it's 8:00 a.m.
- So, it's not that.
I don't know. Maybe it's because
I went off my postpartum medication.
You were still taking that?
You had Buster 32 years ago.
And that's how long
I've been depressed about him.
Actually, I did go off it in the early '90s
but I didn't like what happened to me.
Claiming she could take it no more,
the young mother released
the emergency brake,
allowing her car to roll backwards
into the nearby lake.
Good for her.
I must have gained three pounds.
Why did you go off them this time?
Well, apparently, mood-altering
medication leads to street drugs.
That's what this very handsome
young doctor said on The Today Show.
That was Tom Cruise, the actor.
They said he was some kind of scientist.
Maybe you should get away from Buster.
Why don't you go up
to that cabin in the woods?
- I thought you said we sold it.
- We sold the property.
I worked it out so we could
relocate the cabin,
but it is gonna be up
in Tahoe for another couple of days.
Maybe you can take a date up there.
How am I supposed to find someone
willing to go into that musty old claptrap?
The cabin. Yes. Yeah, that, well,
that would be difficult, too.
Please get back on the meds, Mom.
We miss the old, old you.
I didn't even know that we had a cabin.
Well, for what it's worth, Gob,
I've never actually been there.
Although he'd often been promised.
Hey, pal, something's come up.
This nice young lady has lost her puppy,
and your dad's got to help her find him.
Bad news, buddy.
This young lady's dad is sick,
and I'm taking her to the hospital.
Come on, you're old enough
to figure this out. I'm nailing this broad.
Pardon me
if I don't burst into tears, Michael,
but at least he promised to take you.
He just let me blindly enjoy my childhood.
I didn't even know there was a cabin
that he wasn't taking me to.
- Mine's sadder.
- I don't see you crying, robot.
You taste these tears. Taste my sadness.
No. Not gonna lick your eye, okay?
Well, I will tell you this, Michael.
- I don't have a son.
- He does.
But if I ever do, I'm either gonna take him
to the cabin in the woods,
or I'm going to promise to take him
but then not take him.
But the one thing that I will never do
is not tell him that I'm taking him
to a cabin in the woods
and then not take him.
Gob was growing up.
Well, the cabin in the woods is going
to be stacked up next to our carport.
But maybe we should
head up there tonight, huh?
One first time.
Taste the happy, Michael. Taste it.
Tastes kind of like sad.
Michael set off to prison to tell off
his father when he discovered his son.
- George Michael?
- Dad, hey.
- What're you doing?
- I didn't want to miss you
because you've been
leaving so early lately.
You slept out here to see me?
Michael had never been so touched
by something his son had said,
but it wasn't true.
He was hiding from his cousin
after an awkward incident.
They'd since been trying
to avoid each other,
which was difficult considering
they shared a bunk bed.
- Hi.
- I'm off to the car.
- I'll be in the crawl space.
Tell you what. How would you like
to head up to the cabin?
Can you afford to skip work?
I think the President of a "Don't Buy"
company can afford to take a day off.
We're up from "Sell?"
- It's happening, isn't it?
- It's really happening.
It's time for us
to start creating some memories.
You know, there's been
enough disappointment in this family.
There's only one sleeping bag,
so we're gonna have to double up.
Pigs in a blanket.
Sorry, pal, something came up.
It is worse to know.
Gob was getting life lessons
all over the place.
And Michael broke a two month silence
and went to visit his father.
You came. Someone came. I'm...
Only to tell you
that the company is back on track
and it's because you're behind bars.
And now I get to do with my son
what you never did with me.
- I'm taking him to the cabin.
...scar.
And every night...
I'm scarred, too,
but my son is not going to be.
And they cover it with soap,
and you're supposed to thank them...
- So, that's it. That's all I came to say.
...you a favour.
Is there anything you'd like for me
to pass on to the family?
I'm your uncle.
I'm your dad's twin brother.
I'm Oscar. He switched on me.
No one believes me.
Unfortunately for Oscar,
"You've got the wrong twin"
was a very popular alibi.
You simply got the wrong twin.
We're quadruplets.
You got the wrong two.
- We're Larry and Dave.
- You want Curtis and Jeff.
I even started a website, imoscar. com.
I'm innocent, Michael.
Imoscar. com.
No, don't buy it.
I'm taking my son to the cabin
and there's nothing you can say to make
me believe that you are not my father.
I understand.
Your child comes first.
- Oh, my God, you're Oscar.
- Dot com.
So Michael returned to the office
to try and free his uncle.
Don't buy. Don't buy. Don't buy.
Then he realised how much
that freedom would cost his employees.
Don't buy. We did it, Mikey.
We're super rich again.
And I'm gonna buy a car, the Volvo.
No, Lindsay, you're not gonna start
spending money. And this is not a Volvo.
That's from sitting on the copier.
- Lindsay...
- Michael, I've got nothing.
My husband dumped me
and ran off to Vegas with Kitty,
- that bleached blonde whore.
- Well, he's definitely got a type.
I can't believe he left me.
I mean, this and these,
and this.
- That's the car.
- This.
Thank God I didn't spring for colour.
Lindsay, the only reason you want
Tobias is because you can't have him,
and the second
that you can have something,
all of a sudden you don't want it.
That's not who I am, Michael.
All right, maybe you're right.
Maybe we should get you this car.
Yeah, I don't know. It's so boxy.
- Gob.
- Michael, how's Dad?
I don't know. It's Oscar who's in prison,
and if I let him out,
people will know that Dad is free,
and those people out there
will end up paying for it.
Our dad hasn't
tried to contact you, has he?
Yeah, like I'd ever hear
from that son of a bitch.
Earlier that day, Gob received a letter
from a group that reunited
abandoned sons with their fathers,
- called S.A.D.
- Father-son reunion?
But Dad's still in prison.
But now the letter made sense.
That son of a bitch.
- Law offices of Barry Zuckerkorn.
- Hi, it's Michael Bluth for Barry.
Barry went to Reno to see your father.
Reno? He said he's been visiting
my father in prison.
Yeah, Barry says a lot of things
he doesn't mean.
Well, I guess I'm going to Reno
to look for Dad.
Good luck, favourite son.
So once again Michael went
after the father
who'd once again abandoned him
only to find he was about to do
the same thing to his own son.
- It's not happening, is it?
- Something came up.
Michael had just told his son
they wouldn't be going to the cabin.
But the cabin's in Lake Tahoe,
so I'm saying that's right near Reno
and we could...
Yeah, but this is gonna be
like an adult trip.
Aunt Lindsay will be here.
Hi. Why don't you pop a tent in front
with your cousin Maeby?
- What? No!
- I'm not really the outdoorsy type.
Well, then this is a good chance
for you to rub off on her.
As Michael set out to find his father,
Gob thought he was doing the same.
There's my guy.
Hey, buddy, come on.
Getting them to track down your dad, too?
My dad actually had them track me down.
But it does look like he's not gonna show.
Kind of feel like that kid
who found the severed hand.
Hey, Dad, look what I found.
Anything for his father's approval.
Heartbreaking.
You look familiar.
I think that's because
we actually kind of look alike.
- Remember when I said Gob had a son?
- I'm Gob.
I wasn't just saying that.
In high school,
Gob became intimate with these girls.
These girls got pregnant.
This one had a baby.
And that baby would grow up to be
- Steve Holt.
All I ever wanted was to spend
a little time with my dad,
maybe go camping.
I guess that will never happen.
Look, I know this is gonna sound
kind of crazy,
but my family actually has
a cabin in the woods for one more night.
Maybe we could go up to Reno,
get the keys and go camping.
You know, sort of a son-and-son thing.
If Steve had had a father,
he would've warned him not to go
into the woods with strange men.
But he didn't.
- Sure, let's go!
- Okay, great!
- This is me right here.
- Okay.
- Yeah, baby.
- Steve Holt!
Michael, meanwhile, arrived in Reno,
a city competing
with Las Vegas' successful
"What happens in Vegas
stays in Vegas " campaign,
and set about searching
for Barry Zuckerkorn.
Hi. I'm looking for a man who's probably
in the seedy underbelly of Reno.
The Christian League had
the Seedy Underbelly shut down.
Now it's a Swallows.
Swallows was
a family-style restaurant by day,
and an anything-goes
- pan-sexual bazaar by night.
- Welcome to Swallows.
Can I interest you
in a Smoothie, or an... Michael!
Tobias, I thought that you were in Vegas
with Kitty and the Blue Man Group.
No, as it turns out,
the part that I'd destroyed my life to get
had already been cast.
The role was filled by George, Sr,
who used it to hide in plain sight.
That is until he choked on a marshmallow
and almost died
when no one noticed he turned blue.
So, Kitty suggested we come up here
to try out in Reno and...
I'll be honest, Michael.
Leaving Lindsay was
the biggest little mistake I've ever made.
I can't seem to call her, though.
Damn this pride of mine!
Tuna melt's up, and you need to flip
the cushions in the grind room.
Yes, sir. Right away, sir. Oh, great.
Now I'm gonna be smelling to high heaven
like a tuna melt.
Tobias, what would you say if I told you
that Lindsay might be willing
to get back together with you?
- I'll call her right now.
- Actually, why don't you let me handle it?
You know Lindsay.
She only wants what she can't have.
What would you do about Kitty?
I can't lie to you, Michael.
Kitty left me two days ago.
There's a blue handprint
on the back of your head, Kitty.
Are you seeing someone else?
Face it, Tobias. It's over.
- Say goodbye to these!
- Those are blue too.
- There were blue handprints on them?
- Yes.
- And I swear to you, they weren't...
- Yours. No, I know.
It all points to Dad.
Dad's in Reno, Kitty's in Reno,
Dad's in Kitty, and he must be a Blue Man.
- I'm gonna go check out the theatre.
- Okay, I'll meet you there.
I just have to break down the salad bar
and set up the leather pony.
What's a leather pony?
I don't know. We don't have that at lunch.
So Michael called Lindsay
to say he'd found her husband.
All right, I'm on my way.
No, no I'll just bring him back with me.
He wants to come home?
I mean, against his will.
Well, knock him out if you have to.
He's my husband.
Just watch the kids
like you promised, okay?
- I'm not.
- Neither am I.
Hold it.
And the kids found themselves closer
than ever on the bumpy road to Reno.
- Hello?
- Lindsay, hey, hi.
Michael said not to call you,
but I missed you so much.
You miss me?
- What're you doing?
- Nothing.
I was driving out there, but this is crazy.
We have to be realistic.
No, no. But I, the thing is,
I can't leave Kitty. I just...
What with, all the sexual intercourse
and whatnot.
You bastard!
- What are you doing?
- Nothing.
I will be backstage after the Blue Man
show whether Kitty likes it or not.
Sounds good. One quick question, though.
What if Kitty's not there
and I'm less of a Blue Man
and more of a cocktail waitress?
- She's turning again.
- Hang up. Hang up.
I'll see you there. Thank you. Bye.
Michael was already at the theatre
looking for George, Sr,
when he ran into Barry doing
the same thing.
- Hey, Barry.
- Hi, Mikey.
So, how much do you know?
I know that Oscar is in prison,
and that my father is a Blue Man,
and that you are clearly
in cahoots with him.
- A lot.
- Where is he?
I don't know. I was gonna meet him here,
but he must've seen you and run off.
I was gonna give him this.
$250,000 and a passport.
- Just a passport.
- Well, I was up for so long.
Barry, you're fired.
- What?
- Yeah.
Just like that? No warning?
You're my only client.
What am I supposed to do now?
Turn tricks on the street?
How much do you think
I can get for that, by the way?
All right, this is crazy.
I've got to let Oscar out of prison.
What about making out?
$50, or is that just L. A? Am I just...
Soon, Lindsay arrived at the hotel
and the kids finally faced facts.
Look, it was just a half kiss, all right?
Maybe that's the reason
why we're acting weird.
It's because we didn't finish the kiss?
Is that...
Yeah, I mean, do you think we should
just finish the kiss, get it out of the way?
Let's get it out of the way.
Kids, bring the bags.
We're sharing a room.
All right, let's meet back here
tomorrow morning, okay?
- Yeah. Are you...
- Go.
Yeah, I'm gonna...
I'm gonna stay out here
and watch that famous Reno sunset.
Isn't it behind you?
There's... Yeah, but there's mirrors.
It'll actually look closer.
While George Michael waited for
the sunset, another set of sons arrived.
Yeah, well, Michael said
he'd meet me here.
I guess I'll get the keys to the cabin, son.
I'll go buy some fishing stuff, son.
So, where did you get this kid?
Yeah, I guess I can tell you now.
We were both waiting for our dads at the
garden where the little boy found the arm.
Kid's amazing, though. It's almost like...
I wish he could be my dad.
Okay, your dad's not trying to find you,
your son is. That kid's your son.
You're the dad.
I've made a huge tiny mistake.
No, no, Gob, Gob.
You can't just leave your son
in the middle of a parking lot in Reno.
And that's when Michael saw his own son
in a parking lot in Reno.
He drove all the way up here
to be with me. Wow.
Well, I guess I'm no better than...
No, I'm better.
They were an hour out of Reno,
when George Michael woke up.
You were out like a light, pal.
Our dreams are about to come true.
- Maeby?
- Definitely. We are going camping.
It's finally happening.
It's never happening.
Michael had just surprised
his sleeping son by taking him camping.
I put this off too long,
and it's too important.
Your uncle Oscar can stay in prison
one more day, right?
Not according to that day's blog
on imoscar. com.
This, here, is way more important
than me trying to find my father.
Although, I was very close.
I almost had Pop-pop in Reno.
Me, too.
As Michael was forcibly taking his son
out to the cabin,
Lucille was ready
to forcibly throw hers out.
Well, that was a freebie.
Lucille didn't trust herself to be
in the house when Buster returned,
so she headed off to the cabin
Michael said would be unoccupied.
Tobias, meanwhile, was looking
for a way to make his wife jealous
by convincing her
that he was not only a Blue Man,
but still with Kitty,
when he came across a makeup woman
who, coincidentally, looked
a great deal like Kitty.
If this tableau I recreate,
perhaps I can re-snare my mate.
Gee, why wouldn't she want him back?
And Michael and his son arrived
at the cabin in the woods.
Looks like they have trucked off
the bedrooms.
Maybe we'll just set up some sleeping
bags right here in the living room, huh?
Lucille, meanwhile, heard a familiar sound.
- Come on!
- Mother?
What the hell are you doing back there?
I decided to sleep in the car
so my snoring wouldn't bother you,
and I left that recording of my snoring
so you wouldn't know I'm gone.
We're halfway to the cabin.
I'm gonna drop you by this light.
Or I could come with you.
That might be the exact shot in the arm
our relationship needs.
Well, at least I'll have someone
to talk to on the way up.
This is fun, isn't it?
This is just like
when we used to live up in the attic.
Yeah.
- Or we could go back to Reno and...
- Go back to Reno?
What, you don't want to be here? I mean,
you've been sleeping in the staircar
just so we could spend time together.
That's not totally true, though.
I'm just in the middle
of a problem right now.
- Yeah? Well, let's talk about it.
- I can't talk about it with you.
Why not?
It's just, it's about a girl,
and you're not gonna like this.
- Is it about Ann?
- No.
Of course I'm gonna like it.
I like Ann.
No, it's just...
It's a problem without an answer.
Well, every problem has an answer.
You're probably just confused
because you're going
through all of this alone.
And that's exactly
why we need to spend this time together.
- Yeah, I guess so.
- I know so.
So here's the plan. Tomorrow morning
we're gonna get up early.
Before we tell the cops
that Pop-pop escaped from prison,
we're gonna go down to the lake,
we're gonna discuss your girl problem,
and it's gonna be fun,
especially the part about the cops.
All right?
Whatever your problem is with the girl,
we're gonna figure it out.
That's what this place is for.
That and cheating on Gangy.
You know, I'm really glad
you brought me here, Dad.
Yeah, we needed this.
And this time, I'm not gonna let
the family drag me away.
And the next morning, Michael rose early
to spend the day with his son,
only to find himself, once again,
dragged away by his family.
Dad, what the hell are you doing?
Sorry. I can't let you
let Oscar out of prison
or they'll come for me.
How do you like the cabin?
Lucille arrives at the cabin.
...me. There's no cabin.
Mother?
Oh, my God!
Are you still doing breakfast burritos?
Maeby finds someone
to help her forget her cousin.
- Stood up.
- Yeah, me, too.
- Her cousin.
- Wanna make out?
Yeah, sure. Why not?
And Lindsay catches up with Tobias.
Get your hands off my husband, Kitty.
Did someone say "husband"?
I want a divorce.
And I would be thrilled
to represent either one of you.
That'll be $50.
English
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org